Add instructions to sync the .NET runtime (#457)
Smaug123/WoofWare.PawPrint: AGENTS.md

This is NOT a high-performance runtime - it's a very slow IL interpreter prioritizing determinism over speed.

> You should find the genuine .NET runtime's source checked out at ../dotnet-runtime if you need to check behaviour; shout if it's not. The checkout should be at the .NET 10 servicing tag closest to the runtime version we use (`nix develop -c dotnet --info` reports it under `Host:`; if no exact tag exists yet — e.g. an in-flight servicing release — use the most recent `v10.0.x` tag, falling back to `origin/release/10.0` only when a needed change is unavailable in any tag). `../dotnet` (without the `-runtime` suffix) is the .NET SDK source and is not what you want.

Author: ```suggestion
You should find the genuine .NET runtime's source checked out at ../dotnet-runtime if you need to check behaviour; shout if it's not. The checkout should be at the .NET 10 servicing tag closest to the runtime version we use (see the `.claude/commands/sync-dotnet-runtime.md` Claude command for how to make this happen). `../dotnet` (without the `-runtime` suffix) is the .NET SDK source and is not what you want.
```
